like? Was he a virtually new i'm not because he ever had a girl where he didn't have to pay her?
He got like I told you about the time he got like a blow job at the light front.
No, you Didn't oh, no way all the head was I was just me, and meanwhile me back up here I started hanging out with your name.
Gina got smashed and we like met Oh, cool. How she knew.
Okay, I would say a half 1,000,000,000 years, but anyways. we're like making out and stuff like farm. So that's what we were regularly well, not because we did.
It was like 2, 3, 10, or something like that so after victors.
After Tom had 2 women fighting over who he's in the homeland, he went home with this one other girl a heavy set girl and me and Jeanne and all of us were walking down the hill.
They don't going down where it the pier is except we're one of the big hill, and it's like a major name.
We're used to walking down that steep grassy part, and it was so. we heard it up with the grassy part by the tense court. It was real dark and you couldn't see us at all after we've
gotten to the level plane, so we like heard up to this one spot we always went to.
We sat and looked around in town, and were yelling and screaming for us, and they started to make an analog of 100 yards away from.
But there's trees that are standing in front of a tree so you couldn't see that we were sitting by a tree, so you can see us so they're making out and we're sitting there talking and stuff a joke and
he's like all of a sudden we hear analysis the dam is no isn't it very distinctive noise, so i'm like I know they're not due. I think they do they were looking around the corner I couldn't see
anybody. and then I saw Tama took a step back or something.
I could see Tom, or something on this side of the tree.
Then I saw head or movement lower than what I saw Tom.
So then the picture became clear at it he's getting ahead from this chick.
He didn't even know, and it was kind of cool so I don't know.
So did he do it, or did he just get the blow job just to blow jokes like it was getting like you should have worked in the morning.
But that's the first chick I ever saw i'm with here in the United States.
Otherwise he's only paid for it do you pay for it back homework. Yeah, it's 50 bucks for hookers still kind of big price.
These here. you have to like, paid 50 bucks go to dinner and movie.
We have to be real nice, and then we just may be something might happen if she likes you.
If the wind falling in the right direction, no one tripped over anything earlier.
Well take 50 bucks. go get a hooker and go out let's see your friends, and have some fun.
Oh, your Co. is going on to that one strip in Chicago.
What's true, the one over by krobar it's like by the bridge.
Okay, what what's what there's like a whole strip right there, There's all the classic type of prostitutes. really.
Yeah, it's like if you go in the summertime.
You need a just lined with them wow just literally lying the line with them, and it's like all these car to like pull over, and they're like Yeah, It's like you see all these hookers and you're
going. Ok. So the one time I went with that John and the zoo to crow Art i'm forth in July, and there are all lined out. there's like maybe probably about 100 prostitutes walking up and down the
street, and was like, Well, hey, zeus, it's like you need a girlfriend.
So. And then there's actually There's a Russian prostitute in factors on Wednesday paint Williams.
Here. She was like standing right by us that's because Mary was like Oh, my God!
She always dressed like an alien. She always looks so goofy, and no, I never.
I didn't see her where was she she was to my right at the bar, and she had these spandex I mean she did look like she had a space outfit on it was like black and it's like the skirt
flared out and shit this. she kind of looked like a Judy Jets, I mean she was great goofy. No, you got to clean her up like Wednesday.
I was like Oh, my God you know so various of extra money Mary said. it's like she's a prostitute.
She's really weird, too. it's kind of cool so anyway, that and then
I'll never forget the one time Rob and I went out to Chicago.
I went to visit Robin Chicago as a Sunday afternoon.
That was like probably like 3 or 4 in the afternoon we're like let's take a drive around the city.
You know. Just first I made drives we were driving around the city also, and we see the classic hooker.
She's got the fishnut stockings on Obviously she's like a $5 hooker trying to get her her afternoon fix so that she can go get drugs. She's got her skirt.
She had a municipal she had her hand and she's like exposing or bush and I was like, you know, using our time, and she's like lady she's like coming like this to us and we're like
keep driving. we're like, Oh, that was just nasty We just looked nasty.
Did it pull over to the road? Well, I look her I thought I saw.
Okay, I think i've told you about this so mean Steve town.
Went to Chicago. Tell you about that. Oh, I love that.
Yeah, I remember that I was like, Oh, come on guys i'm not a coach.
Oh, yeah. But now the Scripture was kind of interesting.
We were putting near Karma we're looking for plug out.
We saw this hooker across the street. kind of leaving us over and I'm looking at it, and everyone's like saying, Yeah, pull over pool or pull over and I'm like Ok this is kind of cool So i'm
thinking, Okay, just for Joe, we should pull over or say something.
But then I looked over to the right and there's this white Van clean white man in warehouse district, you know, sitting there across the street from this hooker and i'm like no i'm not going to be on
cops because that's what it was and then she Eventually we started our way, and then she sat on walking towards the white band.
That's all that we see this one that whole feels like you Know where you go when you turn off the freeway by a boxbuster.
You turn love. Do you mean you're going straight and you go over that bridge just before you hit the bridge and on the bridge until you get to that street that you turn on Crow Arts online with a curse in the
summertime. But there are cops there the bus let's keep going back.
Yeah, they just keep going back. it's like now it's too cold for them.
Otherwise they there's like the whole strip is just the classic type of your mother.
I'll sure you know that and once it was kind of funny because it was like all these cops are like they're like driving.
They don't do any some of them. they just keep driving or the they'll stop. and they'll talk to the girls, or whatever incentive Milwaukee.
Oh, yeah, I love that cares nothing. so yeah you're too silver for me. Well, do you want to grab me a beer, please, much out of the Lasagna?
Did you eat a phone I must truly i'm sorry cause she's supposed to say, Do we get heat out?
You want to get more cheese that's how it's going.
I have I keeps, too. No, too bad we don't have a lot of money trees, or put one's lock here.
Here, hey? Don't knock on i'm not I don't know.
Did you want to do something like that? Yeah, let me just kind of wait up and live it up over and put on some clothes?
Well, you don't have to put any but it's like you know it's like I have to also watch Melbourne's colleagues this show that in like 4 years for I've avoided watching
that show board year. I don't care it's my favorite show, and tonight Billy finds out about his little bitch wife lied to him.
She told him that she was pregnant when she exhibited all the classic sciences shit, and they told everyone. Well, it was turned out that she just wanted it so bad that that she had signs that she was pregnant
and so now She's like he's got a divorce or I think, thank God, name because he belongs to Billy I mean Ellison.
Anyway, he didn't tell me that the massachusetts was right on the top of the beard my hand like 5 or 2 paper.
Tell. I know I wiped off my jacket, and my dog is going to risk my code.
Why is my hands so tender today? I don't know you should have to come up from earth?
Help shit one of these days i'll have a really fun drunk in New York.
Well, maybe next year, because i'll be there's no way I work in another our business by at the time because I'm not working another book in 3 years.
I don't mind going in chicago yeah that's what I want to do that's going to be my guess.
Plan all so far i've talked to everyone everyone said yeah, but who knows?
The money might not be there. we're planning to go to New York in 1999 to 2,000.
We're going to be new excellent you're welcome at home.
I thought so. but hopefully, I won't be with mentally by then, and social life is going down here a lot all my social life.
It's natural going downhill because everyone I know is getting around sucks.
Football. Everyone can hold a little getting along everyone's got girlfriends they care about.
I know It's like I don't even hear from Greg anymore.
What's up with that he kathy's going to be gone for 2 weeks, so all of a sudden he is like he's going to spring back into our lives.
Hope he other, since he heard that as having problems with my band you know it's been calm a lot more we've been hanging out the stuff.
I just really that's what pisses me off because like the same thing is going on with with release.
You know, is it was like also well here we did all this stuff, and for about a month now she's had a boyfriend, and I call her she's never home.
I got a hold of her yesterday. I actually we even try to color our new She wasn't there before, and no that's like i'm like.
Well are you you know like one that's in your wild and then she's going on time, florida for like school starts.
Now on the third. So you know I remember the story to it also because it's one thing like for meeting you to hang out and stuff like that pictures Whatever I we're totally different social levels. I mean It's easier for women.
To walk into a bar not know anyone and then come on knowing everybody it's hard for a guy to because he comes off like a big, huge pervert, so i'd have to be chasing your own crap in your style it's just cool that all girls
go in Ogl Eyes boat and if you're too social whatever. at the same bouncer on no everybody level.
It's cool because I don't want to sit here and drag you down stuff in Germany. man displeased by the permissiveness of the 70 s would be done to fear you remember this story.
This guy the true story he took took him over 20 years to catch this guy.
He might be shot in his entire family, and then disappear.
So what issues? family? Because he was afraid that their morality was going downhill?
Well. So he shot his mother, his kids, and his wife on his daughter.
The this matter all in the milk, and Colin was like canceling delivery. 45, A.
M children that left the school state hours they're really executed. I I don't think it's all sick and twisted, You know, the last time i've seen the singer is like less than what you know i've
heard the pictures, and also I saw showgirls was on or on videotape, though, and cool.
Don't ever look at you it was the last time I did anything with Great bill.
First one. Oh, and you know I also have this but since he canceled all the stuff, and like he pulled he said, It's like I know i'm pulling my kids out school.
I'm taking them up upper vacation shit and all this met.
So no is expected that the family was dead a month or 2 months.
So they're like laying there in the house and all of a sudden it's like started stinking, and someone walked in the house, and falling all their decomposed bodies, and he by this time he had disappeared
John, despite his fear of imminent bankruptcy let's, collected $2,100 for the sale of, and he wrote notes to the children's teachers lighting their absence all of what's left just a
pack of view belongings disappeared. cool. Find out how a sculptor helped plus his killer. final.
Just, and after 20 years they could let the guy go. You killed his old fucking family, though.
Yeah, that was 20 years ago, he didn't do it since at least they're no moral.
What, thank't, believe your rationale I would never you know seriously.
Think about walking up. The parents been doing. pulling the trigger by watching your brain splatter all over in a nice white, I mean over the wall.
No, It's okay. Just one of the scary a little bit Did you catch a little reference to White or White Walls City?
I wish I was at Metropolis yesterday. I think it cool.
I think Greg with me would be a little bit more emitted.
The deployment, you know there's no food nothing Oh, we didn't have food, either.
Let's videos are going downhill now. we used to I think I like her before, with all their chubby stuff.
Now I don't like a bone I think she's ugly, you know.
Still over here, but I like like super skinny daily rib poking me in.
I like it when you give it poke a female.
She jiggles for like 2 s afterwards, I like that like i'm healthy.
I like it. We could sit down robust yeah then I don't understand why you like Rita, because she's got like awesome eyes.
She's like a she's like a what is skeleton mouth.
I agree. I was just getting this eyes. Oh, yeah, I like her, but I never.
I could never date her there's. a difference for me I like a lot of people like, for instance, your phone. Well, that yeah, I could date her to do accidentally.
Tell her what I told you to tell him. Yeah, what did she say? Well, actually, she was interested in that guy at the country kitchen.
I know, because my heart fail. Sorry also. just now do you see why I didn't go, but turned out he didn't even show up.
I guess. good You could tell her I said that too, and it's got me on tapes, damn it was white in the for each other.
They were all lined next for one another after by the time the bodies were discovered listed already That I will run for 30 days 63. Chevy Apollo was discovered at Kennedy International Airport of his
identification was in the car. Some, like the car, has been planned.
False good. One year after the murderers serious fire burned the list match into the ground list became the booking that for an entire generation of kids in West School everyone felt that was they come back just various officers take down
the grave site. John Lisz never came to visit his family with their eternal rescue.
In 1,989 westfield police brought the case to America's most wanted has been gone nearly 18 years.
18 years look took the case off. What no one do was that we had new secret web forensic art.
This was the first time that it was done. It is a shapeless look of clay under frank vendor. skilled hands.
It would grow to look exactly like John Lisp and 63.
John was, was definitely, and the pipelometers that he was would be the type of person that wouldn't go outside who the way in the sun would be around a lot of people.
The school around the age, the the lines will start to form 3.
I also reach them in the neck area, And you can see here.
Frank came up with one last finishing touch the glasses May 20 first, 1989 America's most wanted with Frank Vendor's bus.
Wanda Flannery was watching. she recognized list as her old neighbor, Bob Clark.
And I said that's Bob. Why, they're called the hotline at america's most one called gabriel investigators that keep that would unlock an eighteen-year-old mystery.
Why would you leave a country? I would leave the country i'd be pistol, I mean 20 years you got away with all sort of different.
Oh, please, I don't know why why would you want to stay there.
Stay in the United States. but I mean if you could commit a perfect crime.
Get away with it. Would you stay in the country or would you leave? It'd be kind of hard to like.
Well, I mean he had like $20,000. Okay, in 1,972 and Sunday.
That's like. So so I was like all she had to Do what he had to do was get on a plane go to England, get a work from it, and shit he had a 30 day head start.
Maybe that's true, plus he was already an Airport object. Yeah, surely when you did his wife cancer and was a very sickly lady box finger, for instance, approved without that he was John List.
But we were give up this year rate June late, 1,989 unaware.
It was only a 3 min procedure, but it's drew a wrong of reporters in photographers.
The world. June 29. let's watch lost his battle against extra edition line, 10 preliminary here in the Union County monster, elementary world Paperwork rock.
Well for 8 months. John Lisp insisted on maintaining his focus again, but in February 19 attorney can convince them to drop the charade.
Finally, in April the nineteenth, 90. The trial began.
Elizabeth early on consider I mean it's kind of reminds me of that.
I'm surprised something like him. you know like dahmer and what's his name? and that other guy did it happen to him because they're like weaker type men you know in prison they never survive then if you hurt winning then you
become one, you know, when we do not have some guy named club over pool government.
I've been reading those books and it's like Oh, my God it's like care there's this one like they tell the different guys point of view.
Sometimes this one guy, he Well, actually, they tell a couple different guys.
The point of view. guys get great, too, and then they come and Then they'll take these, but plugs or whatever you want to call them. they'll shoving up their anus they have to walk around with that and then they
have sometimes like stuff. This other gig in their mouth is the shape of penis, and like tie on their face, they have to.
I was like this one does to say it's like They got some to the village, which you don't want to get sent to the village, but they do, and they go. I was like this one.
Guy, this is his master. He winds up the masterpiece, fell in love with them, but he was like like the day before.
He makes him lock rod he's like a human pony and they stick that help us, anus it's got like a horse a tail.
Yeah, and he has to run around the city like pulling a cart with these other people pulling this cur around with this thing of this?
What it was like parade around like that it's cool and i'm just gonna go.
So nasty. what is it mystery I don't know I was talking to my one friend to her name, and she's irradiate.
Well actually she's, quite cool she's she's muslim it's like she's not a virgin, but she should be stunned, but I mean but she's been raised here she's single no
she's actually her boyfriend's coming in from Morocco.
Keep talking, anyway. She They ran out of Margaret lights at work, so I had to go to Marbles, and then i'll show you something about this fruit list was not responsible for his actions.
Anyway, we were talking because it's like I was telling you we're talking about this. I told her about the books I was reading, and then we got on the subject of Enlo sex, and I told her I was like well, I remember
when that's boyfriend tried to get me to try it.
But I said, oh, I told him no, he things are meant to come out, not go in in that home.
She said that she had done it like twice she's like Oh, my God, I feel so dirty when i'd like to do it.
Then it hurt so happy that that commutes i'm like Okay, she's like, Don't do it ever because the one thing that's like when I pressure me to do it. and she said that like when you and the muslim
is like, if you do that you're not considered muslim anymore.
If you have, you know sex. But I remember telling me was that he had a girlfriend back home, and she didn't want to lose her virginity.
They were going to have sex with instead they always had anal sex and status and i'm like, okay, what are you gonna show me? This is interesting.
I didn't know this until I listened to deaf comedy jail.
This guy is telling jokes about marlborough's and how they're racist.
Did you ever hear this? No, you ever noticed the Marlboro?
The sign this thing we're here to the whole time take the red thing.
Okay, Okay, now, are you watching me. Yeah, there's a k There's a K. Ok.
You with me here's a k here's a kid here's a K.
There's no k threeks. Oh, get it never even thought about it.
I never did either, until I looked at this and i'm like well, there's room enough to put another K.
Here you know somewhere, but there's not get it okay anywhere else.